CASMCMS-9423/CASMCMS-9448: Remove/update docs for removal of CPS/DVS, long-deprecated csm-config playbooks (#5994)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: glossary.md

## Content Projection Service (CPS)

> > CPS was deprecated in CSM 1.6 and removed in CSM 1.7. It has been replaced by the

Author: ```suggestion
> Support for projection of root filesystems and PE images using CPS was deprecated in CSM 1.6 and removed in CSM 1.7. Projection for these images has been replaced by the
```

## Data Virtualization Service (DVS)

> Support for projection of root filesystems and PE images using DVS was deprecated in CSM 1.6 and removed in CSM 1.7. Projection for these images has been replaced by the
> [Scalable Boot Projection Service (SBPS)](#scalable-boot-projection-service-sbps).
> See [Deprecated Features](introduction/deprecated_features/README.md).

The Data Virtualization Service (DVS) is a distributed network service that projects file systems

> mounted on [Non-Compute Nodes (NCNs)](#non-compute-node-ncn) to other nodes within the HPE Cray EX system. Projecting is

Reviewer: Most of this still looks applicable, are we still wanting to cut this down?

Author: I'm happy to restore it.

> > DVS was deprecated in CSM 1.6 and removed in CSM 1.7. It has been replaced by the

Reviewer 2: Projection of root filesystem and PE images via DVS was deprecated in CSM 1.6 and removed in CSM 1.7.  Projection of these images has ben replaced..."

Author: ```suggestion
> Support for projection of root filesystems and PE images using DVS was deprecated in CSM 1.6 and removed in CSM 1.7. Projection for these images has been replaced by the
```

> The Data Virtualization Service (DVS) was a distributed network service that projected file systems

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Data Virtualization Service (DVS) is a distributed network service that projects file systems
```

Reviewer 3: This type of change aligns with the earlier comment about DVS still existing for other use cases, just not ones that intersect with CSM.

> mounted on [Non-Compute Nodes (NCNs)](#non-compute-node-ncn) to other nodes within the HPE Cray EX system.
> DVS was integrated with the [Content Projection Service (CPS)](#content-projection-service-cps).

Author: ```suggestion
mounted on [Non-Compute Nodes (NCNs)](#non-compute-node-ncn) to other nodes within the HPE Cray EX system. Projecting is
the process of making a file system available on nodes where it does not physically reside.
DVS-specific configuration settings enable clients to access a file system projected by DVS
servers. These clients include [compute nodes](#compute-node-cn), [User Access Nodes (UANs)](#user-access-node-uan),
Thus DVS, while not a file system, represents a
software layer that provides transport for file system services.
```
